+++
title = 'OpenHarmony Port and Demonstration on SG2042'
date = 2023-12-01T08:06:00+08:00
toc = true
slug = 'P2301'
cid = 'P2301'
award = '20000 CNY'
summary = 'Port OpenHarmony to SG2042/Pioneer Box with its graphical environment, along with the ability to browse the Web and perform productivity tasks.'
+++

## Challenge Description

Port OpenHarmony to SG2042/Pioneer Box with its graphical environment, along with the ability to browse the Web and perform productivity tasks.

## Rubrics

1. OpenHarmony boots into the graphical environment and powers off reliably; the system should also run for 2 hours without hanging.
2. Runs Firefox or Chromium and plays a video from bilibili's home page.
3. Runs LibreOffice, edits and plays presentation slides.
4. (Extra Credit) Plays 3D and 2D games.

## Submission

* Please submit your completed project at https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-p2301-openharmony as a pull request.
* Please include the following detail(s) in your pull request body:
  1. All necessary details to prove satisfactory completion of the challenge.
* During the competition, all optimised artifacts may be submitted as the following:
  1. Binary files.
  2. Encrypted code (please send decryption details to rvspoc@cyberlimes.cn).
  3. Source code.
* After the results are announced, you will need to publish source code for all submissions.
* The committee will verify all pull requests within 24 hours from submission.

## Assessment

1. The assessment platform for this challenge is **SG2042**.
2. The committee will verify the content of your submissions within 72 hours.
3. The committee will attempt to run and assess your submissions on the platform outlined in point 1.
4. The project is declared satisfactory if all rubrics were met; the winner will be announced immediately upon successful assessment of the first satisfactory submission. The challenge will be closed thereafter.
5. **The details of the challenges may change during the competition as we optimise and clarify the rubrics and instructions. Please keep an eye out for updates. The assessment committee reserves the right to final interpretation of all rubrics and instructions.**

## Notice on Intellectual Properties and Open Source Licenses

All challenge submissions must be open source and committed to a specified repository. The participant(s) (author) holds rights to their work. The host encourages contributing any changes made to the upstream.
