+++
title = 'Chinese Domestic GPU Platform Porting and Demo'
date = 2023-11-27T19:57:09+08:00
toc = true
slug = 'P2304'
cid = 'P2304'
award = '15000 CNY'
summary = 'Run Linux distribution with GNOME/KDE desktops, OpenGL 3D benchmarks, video playback, and 2D/3D games on a combination of SG2042/Pioneer Box + an arbitrary (host sanctioned) Chinese domestic GPU.'
+++

## Challenge Description

Run Linux distribution with GNOME/KDE desktops, OpenGL 3D benchmarks, video playback, and 2D/3D games on a combination of SG2042/Pioneer Box + an arbitrary [(host sanctioned) Chinese domestic GPU](../cn-domestic-gpu/).

**Note: The host specifies that the first two to complete porting will receive the specified reward.**

## Rubrics

1. Runs the specified applications for six hours without crashing.
2. Runs glmark or glmark-es2.
3. Runs glxinfo (on GPUs with OpenGL support).
4. Runs SuperTuxKart without crashing.
5. (Extra Credit) Runs any map in SuperTuxKart at any settings with a framerate of 60fps.

## Submission

* Please submit your completed project at https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-p2304-china-gpu as a pull request.
* Please include the following detail(s) in your pull request body:
  1. An appropriate video recording to demonstrate your submission.
  2. All necessary details to prove satisfactory completion of the challenge.
* During the competition, all optimised artifacts may be submitted as the following:
  1. Binary files.
  2. Encrypted code (please send decryption details to rvspoc@cyberlimes.cn).
  3. Source code.
* After the results are announced, you will need to publish source code for all submissions.
* The committee will verify all pull requests within 24 hours from submission.

## Assessment

1. The assessment platform for this challenge is **SG2042**.
2. The committee will verify the content of your submissions within 72 hours.
3. The committee will attempt to run and assess your submissions on the platform outlined in point 1.
4. The project is declared satisfactory if all rubrics were met; the winner will be announced immediately upon successful assessment of the first satisfactory submission. The challenge will be closed thereafter.
5. **The details of the challenges may change during the competition as we optimise and clarify the rubrics and instructions. Please keep an eye out for updates. The assessment committee reserves the right to final interpretation of all rubrics and instructions.**

## Notice on Intellectual Properties and Open Source Licenses

All challenge submissions must be open source and committed to a specified repository. The participant(s) (author) holds rights to their work. The host encourages contributing any changes made to the upstream.
