+++
title = 'Xv6 Porting and Demo'
date = 2023-12-01T08:10:00+08:00
toc = true
slug = 'P2308'
cid = 'P2308'
award = '20000 CNY'
summary = 'Port Xv6 to Milk-V Duo, with the ability to interact via serial connection, support for basic peripherals, and the ability to compile sample system and peripheral applications.'
+++

## Challenge Description

Port Xv6 to Milk-V Duo, with the ability to interact via serial connection, support for basic peripherals, and the ability to compile sample system and peripheral applications.

## Rubrics

1. Runs basic Xv6 on Milk-V with support for standard features, such as interrupt processing and UART communication.
2. Supports basic peripheral drivers, such as UART, GPIO, I2C, SPI, ADC, and PWM; implement sample applications for each.
3. (Extra Credit) Supports the mailbox driver; implement sample communication application with the big cores.

## Submission

* Please submit your completed project at https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-p2308-xv6-riscv as a pull request.
* Please include the following detail(s) in your pull request body:
  1. (Optional) An appropriate video recording to demonstrate your submission.
  2. All necessary details to prove satisfactory completion of the challenge.
* During the competition, all optimised artifacts may be submitted as the following:
  1. Binary files.
  2. Encrypted code (please send decryption details to rvspoc@cyberlimes.cn).
  3. Source code.
* After the results are announced, you will need to publish source code for all submissions.
* The committee will verify all pull requests within 24 hours from submission.

## Assessment

1. The assessment platform for this challenge is **Duo (64MB model)**.
2. The participant must submit the following:
  - An Xv6 SD card image and instructions for burning said image for a Milk-V Duo.
  - Sample usage and testing instructions for the basic peripheral drivers, including UART, GPIO, I2C, SPI, ADC, and PWM, etc.
  - (Extra Credit) Sample usage and testing instructions for the mailbox driver.
3. The committee will verify the content of your submissions within 72 hours.
4. 
5. The project is declared satisfactory if all rubrics were met; the winner will be announced immediately upon successful assessment of the first satisfactory submission. The challenge will be closed thereafter.
6. **The details of the challenges may change during the competition as we optimise and clarify the rubrics and instructions. Please keep an eye out for updates. The assessment committee reserves the right to final interpretation of all rubrics and instructions.**

## Notice on Intellectual Properties and Open Source Licenses

All challenge submissions must be open source and committed to a specified repository. The participant(s) (author) holds rights to their work. The host encourages contributing any changes made to the upstream.

## Resources

- [P2308 quick start ](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1794y1T7A2/)
- [P2308 quick start docs](https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc/blob/main/Docs/P2308/P2308.md)
