+++
title = 'Zephyr Porting and Demo'
date = 2023-12-01T08:09:00+08:00
toc = true
slug = 'P2307'
cid = 'P2307'
award = '10000 CNY'
summary = 'Port Zephyr to Milk-V Duo, with the ability to interact via serial connection, support for basic peripherals, and the ability to compile sample system and peripheral applications.'
+++

## Challenge Description

Port Zephyr to Milk-V Duo, with the ability to interact via serial connection, support for basic peripherals, and the ability to compile sample system and peripheral applications.

## Rubrics

1. Runs basic Zephyr features on Milk-V Duo with support for standard features, such as interrupt processing, task switching, and UART communication.
2. Supports basic peripheral drivers, such as UART, GPIO, I2C, SPI, ADC, and PWM; implement sample applications for each.
3. Supports the mailbox driver; implement sample communication application with the big cores.
4. (Extra Credit) Supports camera (GC2083 recommended).
5. (Extra Credit) Interaction with the big cores using openamp/rpmsg-lite.

## Submission

* Please submit your completed project at https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-p2307-zephyr as a pull request.
* Please include the following detail(s) in your pull request body:
  1. A bootable system image for the Milk-V Duo.
  2. Instructions on how to use said system image on the Milk-V Duo.
  3. An appropriate video recording to demonstrate your submission.
* During the competition, all optimised artifacts may be submitted as the following:
  1. Binary files.
  2. Encrypted code (please send decryption details to rvspoc@cyberlimes.cn).
  3. Source code.
* After the results are announced, you will need to publish source code for all submissions.
* The committee will verify all pull requests within 24 hours from submission.

## Assessment

1. The assessment platform for this challenge is **Duo**.
2. The committee will verify the content of your submissions within 72 hours.
3. The committee will attempt to run and assess your submissions on the platform outlined in point 1.
4. The project is declared satisfactory if all rubrics were met; the winner will be announced immediately upon successful assessment of the first satisfactory submission. The challenge will be closed thereafter.
5. **The details of the challenges may change during the competition as we optimise and clarify the rubrics and instructions. Please keep an eye out for updates. The assessment committee reserves the right to final interpretation of all rubrics and instructions.**

## Notice on Intellectual Properties and Open Source Licenses

All challenge submissions must be open source and committed to a specified repository. The participant(s) (author) holds rights to their work. The host encourages contributing any changes made to the upstream.

## Resources

- [P2307 quick start live replay](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1264y1E7PJ)
- [P2307 quick start doc](https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc/blob/main/archives/2023/Docs/P2307/P2307.md)
