+++
title = 'ROCm Porting with AMD GPU Compatibility'
date = 2023-11-27T19:57:09+08:00
toc = true
slug = 'P2303'
cid = 'P2303'
award = '20000 CNY'
summary = "ROCm is an open source compute framework from AMD, which is an NVIDIA's CUDA competitor. This challenge asks the participant to port ROCm to an arbitrary SG2042/Pioneer Box + AMD GPU platform, making it possible to perform high-performance heterogenous computing on RISC-V hardware with a combination of open source hardware and software."
+++

## Challenge Description

ROCm is an open source compute framework from AMD, which is an NVIDIA's CUDA competitor. This challenge asks the participant to port ROCm to an arbitrary SG2042/Pioneer Box + AMD GPU platform, making it possible to perform high-performance heterogenous computing on RISC-V hardware with a combination of open source hardware and software.

## Rubrics

1. Supports the ROCm OpenCL runtime and FFT, BLAS, SPARSE, and other mathematics libraries.
2. Test pass rates close to the x86 architecture.
3. Completes ROCm's bundled benchmarks (such as rocm_bandwidth_test, rocHPL, and rocHPCG) and runs common scientific compute applications based on ROCm.

## Submission

* Please submit your completed project at https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-p2303-rocm as a pull request.
* Please include the following detail(s) in your pull request body:
  1. An appropriate video recording to demonstrate your submission.
  2. All necessary details to prove satisfactory completion of the challenge.
* During the competition, all optimised artifacts may be submitted as the following:
  1. Binary files.
  2. Encrypted code (please send decryption details to rvspoc@cyberlimes.cn).
  3. Source code.
* After the results are announced, you will need to publish source code for all submissions.
* The committee will verify all pull requests within 24 hours from submission.

## Assessment

1. The assessment platform for this challenge is **SG2042**.
2. The committee will verify the content of your submissions within 72 hours.
3. The committee will attempt to run and assess your submissions on the platform outlined in point 1.
4. The project is declared satisfactory if all rubrics were met; the winner will be announced immediately upon successful assessment of the first satisfactory submission. The challenge will be closed thereafter.
5. **The details of the challenges may change during the competition as we optimise and clarify the rubrics and instructions. Please keep an eye out for updates. The assessment committee reserves the right to final interpretation of all rubrics and instructions.**

## Notice on Intellectual Properties and Open Source Licenses

All challenge submissions must be open source and committed to a specified repository. The participant(s) (author) holds rights to their work. The host encourages contributing any changes made to the upstream.
