+++
title = 'Binary Translation and Optimization'
date = 2023-12-01T08:07:00+08:00
toc = true
slug = 'S2302'
cid = 'S2302'
award = '20000 CNY'
summary = 'Using an SG2042/Pioneer Box, run x86 or ARM64 applications using Qemu-like emulators or translators. You may need to implement support for runing Windows applications via Wine. The goal of this challenge is to optimise binary translation performance as much as possible.'
+++

## Challenge Description

Using an SG2042/Pioneer Box, run x86 or ARM64 applications using Qemu-like emulators or translators. You may need to implement support for runing Windows applications via Wine. The goal of this challenge is to optimise binary translation performance as much as possible.

## Rubrics

1. Runs *XuanYuan Sword:The Scar of the Sky* and other offline games for over 2 hours.
2. Runs *Command and Conquer: Red Alert 2*, *OpenRA*, or *Half-Life: Counter Strike 1.6* and completes a single level.

## Submission

* Please submit your completed project at https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-s2302-BT as a pull request.
* Please outline the software environment needed to run your submission in your pull request body.
* During the competition, all optimised artifacts may be submitted as the following:
  1. Binary files.
  2. Encrypted code (please send decryption details to rvspoc@cyberlimes.cn).
  3. Source code.
* After the results are announced, you will need to publish source code for all submissions.
* The committee will close pull request submissions after the challenge's run time (on ~~February 16~~February 29, 2024) and commence assessment of submissions.

## Assessment

1. The assessment platform for this challenge is **SG2042** (the committee will decide on a specific setup).
2. Participants may choose their own operating system and software setups, so long as the committee will be able to reproduce said setup.
3. Participants may choose any binary translation tools as they see fit.
4. Games must not crash during testing.
5. The submissions must satisfy the two expectations outlined in the rubrics.
6. **The details of the challenges may change during the competition as we optimise and clarify the rubrics and instructions. Please keep an eye out for updates. The assessment committee reserves the right to final interpretation of all rubrics and instructions.**

## Notice on Intellectual Properties and Open Source Licenses

All challenge submissions must be open source and committed to a specified repository. The participant(s) (author) holds rights to their work. The host encourages contributing any changes made to the upstream.

## Resources

- [S2302 quick start live replay](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1YQ4y1w7aJ/)
- [S2302 quick start doc](https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc/blob/main/Docs/S2302/S2302.md)
