+++
title = 'OpenCV Optimization for Duo'
date = 2023-11-27T19:57:09+08:00
toc = true
slug = 'S2309'
cid = 'S2309'
award = '15000 CNY'
summary = "Improve OpenCV performance on Milk-V Duo. The participant must port OpenCV to the Milk-V Duo platform, optimising its performance. The assessment rubrics will focus on both accuracy and performance: accuracy will be benchmarked using OpenCV's regression testsuites (build/bin/opencv_test_*); performance will be assessed using OpenCV's performance testsuites (build/bin/opencv_perf_*). The host will judge based on both the pass rates of regression testsuites and performance metrics and assign scores to each submission based on a predetermined weighted scale."
+++

## Challenge Description

Improve OpenCV performance on Milk-V Duo. The participant must port OpenCV to the Milk-V Duo platform, optimising its performance. The assessment rubrics will focus on both accuracy and performance: accuracy will be benchmarked using OpenCV's regression testsuites (build/bin/opencv\_test\_\*); performance will be assessed using OpenCV's performance testsuites (build/bin/opencv\_perf_\*). The host will judge based on both the pass rates of regression testsuites and performance metrics, calculated in a pre-determined weighted score scale.

## Rubrics

1. Passes regression testsuites on all OpenCV modules (build/bin/opencv_test_\*).
2. Passes perfromance testsuites on all OpenCV modules (build/bin/opencv_perf_\*).
3. The host will judge based on both the pass rates of regression testsuites and performance metrics and assign scores to each submission based on a predetermined weighted scale. The highest scoring submission wins.

## Submission

* Please submit your completed project at https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-s2309-opencv as a pull request.
* Please outline the software environment needed to run your submission in your pull request body.
* During the competition, all optimised artifacts may be submitted as the following:
  1. Binary files.
  2. Encrypted code (please send decryption details to rvspoc@cyberlimes.cn).
  3. Source code.
* After the results are announced, you will need to publish source code for all submissions.
* The committee will close pull request submissions after the challenge's run time (on ~~February 16~~February 29, 2024) and commence assessment of submissions.

## Assessment

1. The assessment platform for this challenge is **Duo (64MB model)**.
2. Participants must submit:
    - An SD card system image for the Duo board.
    - Regression test pass rate and detailed testing results.
    - Performance test pass rate and detailed testing results.
    - Testing challenge and OpenCV runtime library, testing procedures and instructions, and scripts.
3. **The details of the challenges may change during the competition as we optimise and clarify the rubrics and instructions. Please keep an eye out for updates. The assessment committee reserves the right to final interpretation of all rubrics and instructions.**

## Notice on Intellectual Properties and Open Source Licenses

All challenge submissions must be open source and committed to a specified repository. The participant(s) (author) holds rights to their work. The host encourages contributing any changes made to the upstream.

## Resources

- [S2309 quick start ](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV15g4y1k7Lp/)
- [S2309 quick start docs](https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc/blob/main/Docs/S2309/S2309.md)
