+++
title = 'OpenGauss Database Porting and Optimization'
date = 2023-12-01T08:08:00+08:00
toc = true
slug = 'S2305'
cid = 'S2305'
award = '20000 CNY'
summary = 'Port OpenGauss to SG2042/Pioneer Box (openEuler recommended, but any Linux distribution is allowed), optimise benchmark results as much as possible.'
+++

## Challenge Description

Port OpenGauss to SG2042/Pioneer Box (openEuler recommended, but any Linux distribution is allowed), optimise benchmark results as much as possible.

## Rubrics

1. Produces stability and performance benchmark results from BenchmarkSQL-5.0.
2. Instructions for configuration and reproduction.

## Repository for submissions

- https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-s2305-openGauss-server
- https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc-s2305-openGauss-third_party

## Submission

* Please submit your completed project at the aforementioned repositories as pull requests.
* Please outline the software environment needed to run your submission in your pull request body.
* During the competition, all optimised artifacts may be submitted as the following:
  1. Binary files.
  2. Encrypted code (please send decryption details to rvspoc@cyberlimes.cn).
  3. Source code.
* After the results are announced, you will need to publish source code for all submissions.
* The committee will close pull request submissions after the challenge's run time (on ~~February 16~~February 29, 2024) and commence assessment of submissions.

## Assessment

1. The assessment platform for this challenge is **SG2042** (the committee will decide on a specific setup).
2. openGuass-server v5.1.0 will be used for assessment.
3. Participants must submit:
    - Results from the BenchmarkSQL-5.0 stability and performance benchmarks.
    - Instructions on reproducing the benchmark results:
        - BenchmarkSQL-5.0 configuration.
        - openGauss configuration.
        - SG2042 hardware and software configuration.
4. **The details of the challenges may change during the competition as we optimise and clarify the rubrics and instructions. Please keep an eye out for updates. The assessment committee reserves the right to final interpretation of all rubrics and instructions.**

## Notice on Intellectual Properties and Open Source Licenses

All challenge submissions must be open source and committed to a specified repository. The participant(s) (author) holds rights to their work. The host encourages contributing any changes made to the upstream.

## Resources

- [S2305 quick start live replay](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1sK411e7dY/)
- [S2305 quick start doc](https://github.com/plctlab/rvspoc/blob/main/archives/2023/Docs/S2305/S2305.md)
